[SERVER-1353] Adding support documentation for expanding PVCs (#5671)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-install.adoc

*External* : Selecting the external option allows operators to connect to a PostgreSQL install running outside of the cluster.  CirceCI is tested against PostgreSQL 12.6.  We highly suggest that you configure your external PostgreSQL instance prior to deploying the CircleCI application.  You can find more information about configuration https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-3-operator-externalizing-services[here]. Once you have completed configuring your instance, fill out the following section:

* PostgreSQL Service Domain: The domain or IP address of your PostgreSQL instance.
* PostgreSQL Service Port: The port of your PostgreSQL instance.
* PostgreSQL Service User: A user with the appropriate privileges to access your PostgreSQL instance.
* PostgreSQL Service Password: The password of the user used to access your PostgreSQL instance.

### MongoDB
*Internal* will deploy a completely configured MongoDB instance along with your server installation.

> * MongoDB Disk Size: The initial storage capacity made available to MongoDB. The default size is 8Gi. This value can only be set once, after which you will need to refer to our documentation on resizing peristent volume claims to extend your storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MongoDB Disk Size: The initial storage capacity made available to MongoDB. The default size is 8Gi. This value can only be set once, after which you will need to refer to our <<server-3-operator-extending-internal-volumes#,CircleCI Server v3.x Internal Database Volume Expansion guide>> for information on extending your storage.
```

Reviewer: Maybe this to link to the new doc?

*External* allows you to use your own MongoDB instance. CircleCI server is tested to work with MongoDB 3.6. You can customize the setup for your external MongoDB instance with the following settings:

* MongoDB connection host(s) or IP(s): The hostname or IP of your MongoDB instance. Specifying a port using a colon and multiple hosts for sharded instances are both supported.

> * Use SSL for connection to MongoDB: Whether to use SSL when connecting to your external MongoDB instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use SSL for connection to MongoDB: Whether to use SSL when connecting to your external MongoDB instance.
```

#### Enable Mutual TLS (mTLS)
mTLS encrypts and authenticates traffic between your Nomad control plane and Nomad clients. You should disable mTLS until you have completed <<Step 4 - Install Nomad Clients>> and can obtain the certificate, private key and certificate authority output after completing Step 4. 

#### Preflight Checks
When all required information has been provided, click the *Continue* button and your CircleCI installation will be put
through a set of preflight checks to verify your cluster meets the minimum requirements and attempt to deploy. Currently we check for
the following:

* Kubernetes Version is 1.16.0 or greater
* The cluster has 30Gi of total memory or greater
* Total vCPUs in the cluster is 8 or greater
* The cluster has a default storage class

> When completed successfully, you should see something like the following and you can continue to the next step:

Reviewer: I have a feeling this section was fixed in master so the server 3.2 preview branch possibly needs updating? I guess this will get sorted out when we come to all the new content anyway.

Reviewer: I think this might be why the pipeline is failing too, there was a fix in master a few weeks ago which probably need to be in the server 3.2 preview branch
